Hey, guys, what's up this time around?
And I welcome you to another tutorial on discourse on Rowby.
And in this tutorial, we are going to be covering the Dubai loop.
The Dubai loop works in a similar way to Awilo.
What important difference between the two is that the core within the loop get executed one time prior
to the condition check to see if the code should be executed or not.
In a do I look the condition a check is placed at the end of the loop as opposed to the beginning,
where in a while loop it is placed.
So let's see the syntax for that.
Now it has the almost the very syntax, but the only difference is that it starts on with the key word
loop.
You have to write in do then you have to write in the statement to execute.
Then you have to use in the break your word and you have to write in the boolean expression a health.
Now, if you just examine the difference were held in the Y loop, we would have written the condition
right over here and then we would have these statements executed over here.
So in the do I look, even if this condition over here is false, even then the statements are going
to execute once.
But for the while loop, if the condition is false, the statements are not going to be executed even
once.
So that is what is the basic difference between a value and a do while loop.
So let's see the difference between the wall and the wall with the help of an example.
So, all right, let's say we want to do something like.
Driton Loopt, attriting do to just click, enter, and you have to write and put.
This is a dual.
Lou, and you have to write in, let's say, a number here.
And we will initialize a number at the top here.
To zero, and then over here we will increment this number.
No, you could do no plus one.
Now, after this is done, what we are going to do is that we are going to.
The conditional checks we are going to write in if.
No, equal, equal to zero.
Then what it is going to do is that it is going to simply break or let's say just write a number equal
equal to one, because at the start this number is zero.
It is going to increment that number.
And after that, it should be equal to one or less if you just remove this from here.
Based at O'Hare, then we can just go on with zero hail.
All right, so we have this, so now all we need to do is that we already have ended this, so let's
just run this code.
All right, so it says it needs one more a hill, and that is for this if.
All right, now, let's run this ad, as you can see, that it says this is a do I look and this is
the attrition.
So as you can see, that the condition is already false.
So this slope should not have even worked once because as you can see, that it says that if no equal
equal to zero, it it should have just Brigden from this and ended.
But as you can see that it has executed one because the statements are the top and since it is going
to follow a sequential order.
So that's why this statement over here is going to execute once and after that the condition is going
to be checked.
So if this was, let's say, one of wahib, you should have run it and it should have run then twice
for the first time, the condition should have been true, that it should have went back.
It should have done this again.
But for the second case, the condition was false because number was one.
But as I told you that after the condition get false in the duel, the statements are going to execute
one more time after that as well.
But for example, you use the Vilaboa here.
And for that, you have to specify the condition right over here, that if.
While no.
Is greater than.
One, what it should do all is just make it equal to zero.
So we're going to just right and this is why, Luke.
And we are going to just remove this from here, a number equal to number plus one and run this and
as you can see that.
It did not even work once, so that is what is the basic difference between.
A while and do I look in reality programming language, so I guess you have understood the working of
a do I loop and you also have understood the basic difference between a value and a do while loop as
well.
So that's it with the strategy.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.